---
title: About me
layout: page
subtitle: ""
description: ""
featured_image: ""
fmContentType: Page
---
I'm Thibault Milan, a seasoned innovation consultant with over a decade of experience in Customer Experience (CX) and Business Analysis. Currently, I serve as the Head of Innovation at Smile (smile.eu), where I lead transformative projects, implement Proof of Concepts (PoC), and plan build & run phases to drive client success. As I explore new opportunities in freelancing, I'm excited to apply my strategic insights to empower businesses in navigating the digital landscape.

## My Mission?

To leverage my extensive experience in innovation and digital strategy to help businesses transform their operations and customer interactions. Whether you're a startup looking to establish a strong digital foundation or an established company seeking to innovate and optimize, I provide tailored solutions that drive growth and efficiency.

## What Sets Me Apart?

1. **Innovation Leadership**: With a rich background in innovation consulting, I bring strategic insights and a forward-thinking approach to every project, ensuring your business stays ahead of the curve.
2. **Versatility**: From crafting sleek websites to creating intricate 3D models, my diverse skill set allows me to offer comprehensive digital solutions under one roof.
3. **WordPress Wizardry**: My WordPress monitoring service boasts a 100% client retention rate after six months. I ensure your site stays secure, performs optimally, and ranks well in search engines.
4. **Security and Compliance**: GDPR certified, I prioritize data protection and security in all my services, giving you peace of mind in today's digital landscape.
5. **Cutting-Edge Knowledge**: I stay ahead of the curve by dedicating five hours weekly to learning about the latest web development and digital marketing trends.

## Beyond the Code

When I'm not immersed in lines of code or 3D modeling, you'll find me exploring creative thinking techniques, admiring unusual typography, or planning my next travel adventure. I believe in the power of simplistic UX solutions and am always on the lookout for clever CSS tricks to enhance web experiences.

As someone who manages ADHD, I've developed a mindful approach to work that emphasizes focus, creativity, and efficient time management. This unique perspective allows me to bring fresh ideas and structured solutions to every project.

## Ready to Elevate Your Digital Presence?

Whether you're looking to revamp your website, need ongoing WordPress support, or want to explore innovative digital solutions, I'm here to help. Let's collaborate to bring your digital vision to life.

<a href="#" class="cta button--fill contact-trigger js-contact">Get in touch today, and let's start crafting your digital success story!</a>
